[Music]
six facial masks to save your skin
stressful situation overworking lack of
sleep and health problem
all of these can make a facial skin look
and feel tired no worries
here's a selection of the six most
effective facial masks that will restore
life to your skin and make you look
gorgeous
don't miss our number 10 brilliant tips
on how to apply masks properly there at
the end of the video also check out our
little bonus masks made from a secret
ingredient one potato and lemon map this
master the particular effectiveness
against spots on your face that you get
because of the sun-tap you will need
almost two ingredients one potato and
half a lemon how to make it one the
potato put it into a ball and gradually
add the lemon juice mix it all together
with a spoon until you get a homogeneous
mass how to use it
apply the mix on face gentes or do you
mean let it stay for a minute and wash
the mask off with water in just three
nights you'll see that your skin is once
again free of blemishes and sunspots
number two cucumber mask this mask is an
excellent refresher plus it treats lemon
juice opens pores and reduces I wrinkle
yeah and you'll need only two
ingredients one cucumber and one chicken
egg white how to make it with the egg
white to a foam consistency grate the
cucumber using a fine grater you'll need
to produce two spoonfuls of cucumber
pulp and add the cucumber pulp the egg
whites bombs and stir the ingredient
well
how to use it once the next ready hi do
you face even on for 50 minutes and then
wash the mouth off you'll see the
results after the first use number three
lemon mash this mixture will help you
get rid of acne marks and revive dull
and dry skin let's see what you'll need
1 egg white 1 teaspoon of honey milk and
1 teaspoon lemon juice how to make it
first with the egg white add the rest of
the ingredients to the egg white foam
stir everything well to make the mix
more viscous try adding ground hopefully
how to use it apply the facial mask
carefully and leave it on for 15 minutes
remove the mask using a warm compress
rinse your face with water having added
a few drops of chamomile infusion
waaaaaah your skin is perfect number for
oatmeal mask this mask tackles oily skin
treat acne and remove themselves here
are the ingredients 1 tablespoon of
oatmeal 1 tablespoon of olive oil one
sour green apple but take this honey and
2 tablespoons of yogurt you juice from
one lemon how to make it whisk the
oatmeal in a blender and then grate the
Apple take 3 small bowl use the first
bowl to mix the ground oatmeal olive oil
mix the ground apple pulp and honey in
the second one and the third bowl mix
the yogurt and lemon juice how to use it
apply them asking layers using a makeup
brush having rinsed your face by a
mixture of oatmeal and olive oil
let the mix dry apparently then apply
the mixture of brown apple and honey
leave it to dry for five minutes finally
my mixture of yogurt and lemon juice and
wait another 5 min total the mass should
stay on your face for 15 minutes
number 5 tumor it not try this mask
soothes skin irritations they burn and
relieve the pain of sunburn the mixture
also reduces inflammation and facial
redness and promotes healing you'll need
1/4 teaspoon of powdered turmeric 1
tablespoon of avocado and 1 teaspoon of
yogurt
make sure that you choose the right type
of yogurt simple probiotic product won't
cause skin irritation Greek yogurt is
particularly used how to make it mash
the avocado either using a blender or
manually the fourth till you get a
smooth ball to put the avocado puree the
turmeric and the yogurt in a small bowl
and stir everything thoroughly how to
use it rinse your face and apply the
mask in gentle circular movement leave
the mask on for 5 minutes and then wash
it off keep in mind that this masking
stick to your hair along the hairline
avoid this your hair in a bus
number six chocolate and oatmeal mask
use this mask if you suffer from the
oily acne prone ageing dry or sensitive
skin need rid of a cup of cocoa powder
or a cup of honey 2 tablespoons of heavy
cream for sour cream 3 tablespoons of
oatmeal know how to make it put the
Osuna blender then put the ingredients
into a small ball driven together using
the spoon or spatula how to use it once
the mask is ready you leave there a
clean brush or your fingers to apply it
to your face as quickly as possible
massage your face lightly leave the mask
on for 15 to 20 minutes you buys you
have a brief lie down while you wait
then get up and wash the mask on now
here are ten essential tips on how to
use facial mask without any doubt you'll
find the beneficial team 1 check your
skin for possible adverse reactions
before using the mask but some of the
masks material on the bend of your elbow
if no irritation appears up to 50
minutes it is safe to use math to always
rinse your face before applying the
matter 3 we're starting to prepare the
mask make sure that all the ingredients
fresh mask is ready use it immediately
for fine
follow the facial massaging line
starting from the bottom part of the
face and moving up the first age and
last application should begin at the
chin and finish in the forehead region
second stage involves using both hands
on the finger moving from the gym to be
here the edges of the lips to the ears
finally concentrate on applying your
mask to the upper part of your face by
starting at the middle in the forehead
and moving towards the temple climb all
and leave some clear skin around your
eyes and mouth sick once the mask is
applied it's best to lie down for your
eyes and last ideally you should apply
facial mask on the evening before going
to bed
7 don't leave the mask on for too long
in feel any discomfort wash the mask off
immediately
hey remove your masks with only water
avoid using cleaning 8 9 the water
temperature should be right for your
type of skin oily skin dislike hot water
dry skin only feel comfortable after a
warm wash 10 once you remove the mat
treat your skin if you're moisturizing
[Music]
bonus tomato facial scrub all you need
to do is to cut a tomato into slices
sprinkle some sugar on it gently rub
your skin with it to do away with dead
skin cells and get clean and fresh lemon
skin did you know other recipes of
homemade beauty product share them in
the comments below don't forget to hit
the like button click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]